concord is most of you to acquire the
Katrina's gilded cage to secure our
position in one clan wolf you have to
defeat a full star max in a trial of
decision
our proposal is so unorthodox econ Ward
has declared nothing less will suffice
these relief plan mech warriors to
survive this you'll have to be every bit
as good as the Hall of its are say you
will never hold rank near military
they have learned from there
it will be warrior and you will have
saved Katrina I claim this trial of
position against the mech warriors of
clan wolf who stands in opposition to
this claim I jucinda did this Mad Dog in
defiance of your claim I ran the style
did this seminar in defiance of your
place I Zell Vickers bid this timber
wolf in defiance of your frame I can
snore up with this war hawk in defiance
of your claim I'm and a ruby bidden dire
wolf in defiance of your claim I will
crush you like a free bird kick that you
are this is conrad emil i will oversee
this trial in the wisdom of Kerensky be
made evident in battle this trial of
position has begun
come Trevor let us see the color of your
blood now called alpha reached
you will send Oh has fallen grandma
styles begin sometimes Lock phasers the
foolish your skin is lacking
Rhonda Styles has fallen Zell Vickers
initiate your determination is admirable
but quite insufficient the trial will be
your funeral neg cell Vickers it will be
yours
most impressive France notif begin
only you and I remain manda Ruby pray
that you have not bid your doom as have
your fallen brethren do not address me
familiarly rebirths come this mockery
any now and your remains will be
scattered upon the desert with
I stand to claim my rightful position as
a clan wolf warrior the rules of
engagement have been violated destroy
him
he pray that you have not bid your doom
as have your fallen brethren do not
address me familiarly rebirths come this
mockery and now and your remains will be
scattered upon the desert wind
I stand to claim my rightful position as
a clan wolf warrior half this trial is
concluded a wolf has booked
in the years that followed my life with
clan wolf was marked with constant
challenges single trials each challenger
made me stronger and unwittingly
contributed to the record of my deeds I
was full
indoctrinated in the clan ways and eager
to restart the drive on Terra eager to
beg them hope a little did we know that
the storm was rising on Terra and sweep
all before slow
and its best
you